



































 

 

JAMES WILSON  
999 Main Street  Any Town, NY  99999 

999-999-9999 
email@yahoo.com 

 
 
Effective cross functional team leader and engineering manager responsible for driving 
process, product, and people improvements and for key activities related to the design and 
manufacture of components and finished goods.  Able to lead a skilled and knowledgeable 
staff in engineering and manufacturing technology for the purpose of minimizing product cost 
and maximizing product manufacturing efficiency through the use of existing and new 
technologies. 
 cross-functional team leader:  cost reduction, process improvement, product launch 
 15+ years’ engineering manager in manufacturing environment 
 sheet metal, cold-formed steel, forged and cast aluminum products, electrical controls:  

wheels, conveyors, industrial ovens 
 3d solid design, finite element analysis, computer programming, MS Office 
 Strong leadership, interpersonal, and customer service skills 
 master’s and bachelor’s degrees in engineering 
 
 
EMPLOYMENT 
ABC INC, 2006-2009, Any Town, NY 
Entry- Level Engineering 
 
 Checked calculations and reports for loading conditions. 
 Verified staking data to PLS-CADD models. 
 Created PLS-CADD models for transmission line towers. 
 
XYZ CORP, 2004-2005, Any Town, NY 
Entry Level Chemical Engineering Coop 

 
 Worked with a mechanical engineer on a capital project to be installed in 2010 to replace 

a gaseous chlorination injection system with a bleach injection system. This will improve 
the stations safety environment by removing the hazards of the gaseous chlorine on the 
site. 

 Calculated the actual minimum operating temperatures of the Northeast power plants so 
that they could lower their load during off-peak hours and save money when generation 
and the price of electricity are low. 

 Developed an excel program to monitor the water chemistry of the Northeast power 
plants to insure that they are within the action level limits set by the Electric Power 
Research Institute. This program also helped the stations get approval for upgrades and 
repairs on equipment in their water cycle. 

 Inspected various equipment at the power station during their spring outage including 
the selective catalytic reducer, the induced draft fans, the six absorbers and various 
other equipment throughout the plant, and wrote inspection reports of the work that 



 

 

needed to be done on this equipment. 
 Updated a daily report that would monitor the differential pressure across the air heaters 

to make sure they were not being plugged with ammonium bisulfate, and a report that 
monitored the cost effectiveness of the selective catalytic reducers across the 
Northeast. 

 Worked with various contractors to do projects and other task such as having test run on 
the cooling water and have plugs sent through the condenser tubes to clean them and 
improve the condensers efficiency. 

 
BCD INC, 2001-2004, ANY Town, NY 
Entry Level Engineering Tech 
 
 Field work consisting of taking measurements and using GPS unit. 
 Work on maintenance contracts, drawing plans in Micro Station. 
 Secretarial work.  
 Attend regular design meetings.  
 Inspection of road rehabilitation projects.   
 
EDUCATION 
 M.S. Engineering, University of New York, NY  
 B.S.C.E.--Structures, New York State University, New York, NY 


