



































 

 

David Thomas 
999 Main Street 

Any Town, NY, 99999 
Phone: (999) 999-9999   Cell Phone: (999) 999-9999 

E-mail: email@gmail.com   
 
Objective:  
To obtain a position that will allow me to use my knowledge and skills to the best of my ability.  Seek exposure to situations 
that will require me to expand my knowledge and expertise into other areas. 

 
Work History:        
Civil Engineering     
ABC Inc.     (July 2009 to Present) 
Any Town, NY 
 

 Successfully performing building remodel projects by employing creative, cost-effective architectural design and engineering solutions 
to very complicated changes of use. 

 Combining civil engineering design work with a touch of mechanical, electrical, heating and ventilating design work on many unique 
building design projects. 

 Successfully completing civil/site design projects that were in complete disarray when entrusted with them. 
 Being seen as the go-to guy on projects that needed a quick fix to them when in time or budgetary trouble. 
 Being able to reconstruct former or on-going projects that were in potential legal trouble, employing creative solutions to circumvent 

that scenario. 

 Using a varied and vast background to catch design and construction errors, both in print and in the field, before they became a larger 
problem. 

      
Project Engineer     
XYZ Corp.     (August 2008 to February 2009) 
Any Town, NY 
 

 Saved $300,000 in annual shipping costs by bringing production in house from vendor in North Carolina. 
 Decreased order-to-ship lead time from average of 6 days to 2 days while also reducing work in process. 
 Developed tote cart kanban system to transport valves from assembly to wet test to final assembly. 
 Created two bin kanban system for purchased parts when moving thru the assembly process. 
 Videoed Final Assembly of each product line to analyze job methods and reduce non-value added time. 
 Led weekly kaizen meetings with Final Assemblers to brainstorm and implement improvements in cabinet assembly area. 

 
Civil Engineer   
BCD Inc.    (August 2004 to August 2008) 
Any Town, NY 
 

 Developed templates and standards for Civil 3D which resulted in reducing design/drafting by 50% on sewer replacement projects. 
 Efficiently designed and managed a roadway improvement project which resulted in receiving a letter of recommendation from NYDOT 

for work on SR XXX. 

 Inspected hundreds of bridges for NYDOT, and wrote reports using their software. 
 Designed and managed roadway improvements for NYDOT and site development projects for the Navy. 
 Developed and implemented custom cost estimate spreadsheets which increased transparency and accuracy into project financials. 
 
Education:  
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering August 1999 
The University of New York, New York, NY 
 
Certifications:  
Licensed Professional Engineer 
Environmental Certificate from the University of New York 
N.L.D.O.T. Concrete Technician  
N.L.D.O.T. Certified Bridge Inspector 
N.L.D.O.T. Roadway Technician 
 
 

Computer Skills: AGTEK, Fortran, Risa-3D, AutoCAD 14 and AutoCAD 2000 and AutoCAD 2002, Microsoft Word, Excel, 
Windows, MathCAD 2000, SurvCADD, Microstation, Eagle Point, and EPANET 
 
References: Furnished upon request  


