










































LENNY JOHNSON
2212 Northshore• Hollywood, FL 33084
H: (405) 720-2921• C: (405) 720-3232•lennyj@sbcglobal.net

PRESIDENT ~ EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT ~ CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Strategic Planning... Change Management... Operational Excellence... Sales Management
Accomplished senior-level executive with a 20 year track record of successful strategic and tactical leadership within the equipment and finance industry. Visionary and creative with a positive attitude and steadfast commitment to excellence. Expertise in managing organizational change to achieve maximum results. Entrepreneurial leadership style with highly effective planning, organizational, and communication skills as well as a solutions-oriented approach to problem-solving. Demonstrated ability to instill a common vision and develop a dynamic team based on trust and mutual respect. Available for travel.

CORE COMPETENCIES
		Profit & Loss Management

	Strategic Planning & Vision

	Team Building


		Process Optimization

	Corporate Culture Change

	Lease Accounting & Servicing


		Sales & Operations

	Regulatory Compliance

	Deal Structuring  





SELECTED CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
	Operational leadership roles including multimillion-dollar P&L management and strategic planning for corporation with managed assets of $300 million.

	Guided initiatives involving process improvement, staff development and operational efficiency.

	Championed system design and implementation project for North American market reducing costs, improving efficiencies, and enhancing competitive strength.

	Successfully managed several complex post-acquisition transition and integration phases.




CAREER PATH
LEASE FINANCE GROUP, LLC-Chicago, IL | 1993 to 2006
Privately-held equipment leasing and finance company with $300 million in managed assets.
PRESIDENT (2005 to 2006)
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT (2003 to 2005)
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER (1999 to 2003)
DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS (1997 to 1999)
VICE PRESIDENT/ CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER (1993 to 1997)
Retained as President to manage day-to-day business operations following the most recent sale of LFG to Goldman Sachs and Cerberus Capital in 2005. Held full planning, operating, finance, accounting, credit, sales, marketing, HR, technology, and P&L responsibility. Controlled $15 million operating budget. Managed 8 direct reports and 115 indirect reports. Reported to Board of Directors.
Management & Leadership Achievements
	Participated in high-level operational initiatives-infrastructure design, process reengineering, reorganization, business integration, and culture change during LFG'S acquisition by Newcourt Financial Group in 1997, CIT Group in 1999, and Goldman Sachs and Cerberus Capital in 2005.



Attracted, hired, and directed talented team of professionals including CFO, Director of Sales & Marketing, and Hr Generalist to accommodate rapid growth in new and existing markets.
	Directed the liquidation of $15 million portfolio of unsecured loans with zero loss of principal, and negotiated the purchase of $32 million in assets from major competitor.

	Slashed operating expenses by $1 million, reduced efficiency ratio by 5%, and increased fee income as a percentage of average financed receivables from 2.42% to 3.21%.


New Business Development & Marketing Results
	Landed equipment leasing deal with large multi-national credit card processor responsible for approximately 35% of Canadian credit card processing market.

	Developed and deployed sales and marketing plan focused on new territory assignments throughout North  America, resulting in increased retention of Independent Sales Organizations (ISOs).

	Gained entry into POS equipment leasing market in Canada by hiring local sales executive to network among ISOs in Canadian market.

	Consistently exceeded annual "earnout" incentive benchmarks while maintaining strict operating controls and disciplines. Grew portfolio of managed assets from 30,000 to 200,000+ leases within 4 years.


Technology & Process Engineering
	Led development team in information technology alignment following CIT'S acquisition of LFG.

	Project managed the development and implementation of automated collection and customer service system with integrated voice response (IVR) capability.

	Directed technology team responsible for development, customization and implementation of stand-alone systems for booking and tracking lease originations.

	Created data extraction methodology and securitization reporting/ servicing requirements for institutional third parties.

	Integrated LFGs origination and leasing systems with affiliate Independent Sales Organization, SIA, Ltd.


Additional Career Experience:
	International Investment Group, Inc. - Vice President; Chief Operating Officer

	Dallas Leasing Group, Ltd. - Vice President

	Illinois Capital Group, Inc. - Vice President



EDUCATION
BS, Accounting - DePaul University | Chicago, IL


