









































 

Gregory T. Jones 
1234 Oak Avenue 

Bowling Green, Kentucky 42101 
(270) 555-1234 

gregory.jones154@topper.wku.edu 
 

OBJECTIVE: To obtain an entry-level position as a Mechanical Engineer with ABC Technologies, allowing 
me to utilize my education and internship experience while gaining valuable work 
experience in a team oriented environment.   

 
EDUCATION: Western Kentucky University – Bowling Green, Kentucky      Anticipated May 2012 
 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Minor: Mathematics    
 GPA: 3.2 
 
SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS: 

 Skilled in Solid Works, Math CAD, Matlab, MS Office, PLC programming and machining 
 Knowledgeable in Mechanical Engineering Sciences: Fluid Mechanics, Strength of Materials, 

Dynamic Systems Analysis, Vibratory Motion, Thermodynamics and Heat Transfer 
 Fast learner and independent with strong leadership and critical thinking skills

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE: 
Lord Corporation – Bowling Green, Kentucky       Summer 2011 
Intern           

 Created manufacturing standards that were adopted throughout the production facility 
 Aided in facility energy analysis 
 Designed fixtures to improve rubber flash material 
 Teamed with engineering department to test design of materials; documented findings 

 
Bowling Green Motorsports – Bowling Green, Kentucky                                             April 2009-June 2011 
Team Leader/Laborer        

 Provided maintenance and preparation of all racecars 
 Served as tire specialist and recorded all scale data 
 Worked in a team of 10+ crew members to prepare sheet metal work on all racecars and overall 

upkeep of all radios used by each team member 
                

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
ABC Hardware – Bowling Green, Kentucky Customer Service Associate  May 2007-April 2009  
         

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS: 
 American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), 2009-Present 
 Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE), 2010-Present 

 
References Available Upon Request 

Sample Resume for Engineering Students (jr/sr level) Resume Guidelines 
 
Contact Info: This should ALWAYS include your name, address, 
phone number and email. Your voicemail and email address 
should be professional. 
 
 
Objective: Your objective should be tailored to the specific job 
and/or facility for which you are applying. 
 
 
Education: Keep this section as standard as possible and leave 
off all high school information. Include: name of degree, 
anticipated date of graduation, name of institution, city/state, 
and GPA if at least a 3.0.  
 
Skills & Qualifications: Consider the skills, strengths, 
knowledge and competencies you possess as it directly relates 
to the position. You may also want to use an existing job 
description to help you brainstorm for this section.  
 
Relevant Experience: If you have relevant experience, this is 
one of the most important parts of your resume. Bullets are 
preferred over heavily worded paragraphs. Three to five 
bullets per job is considered the norm. Begin each bullet with 
an action verb. List in reverse chronological order (starting 
with your current job and working back). 
 
 
Additional Experience: Use this section to discuss additional 
work experience and to show some of your work history.  Try 
to touch on transferrable skills that would also be beneficial in 
the job you are seeking. 
 
 
Memberships: Include organization name and dates of 
membership. 
 
References: Provide only if requested. For now, saying 
‘available upon request’ is appropriate. 
 
Quick Tips: Be sure to proofread, checking for spelling or 
grammatical errors, formatting, consistency, neatness and 
flow.  Avoid using templates and update your resume 
regularly.  Also, remember to tailor your resume to the 
position for which you apply. 


