









































Jeff Parker


Jeff Parker
3536 Butte Campus Drive
Oroville, CA 95965
(530) 895-2334
parkerje@butte.edu

Objective

To obtain employment as an Electrician with XYZ Power Company where I can utilize my existing skills and knowledge.

Work Experience

Electrician Apprentice
June 1999 to Present ◦ Local Electricians  #408/Various Locations ◦ Chico, CA
Provide employer with a detailed description of the duties you perform that illustrate both the breath and depth of your knowledge in this field. Make sure you list the most important/relevant skills first.

Wiring Technician
October 1996 to May 1999 ◦ Power Inc. ◦ Willows, CA
Provide employer with a detailed description of the duties you performed that illustrate both the breath and depth of your knowledge in this field. Make sure you list the most important/relevant skills first.

Audio/Video/Security Installation Technician
July 1994 to September 1996 ◦ Electronic Warehouse ◦ Oroville, CA
Provide employer with a detailed description of the duties you performed that illustrate both the breath and depth of your knowledge in this field. Make sure you list the most important/relevant skills first.

Education

Electrician Apprenticeship (6000 hours), Journeyman Card
	June 1999 to May 2003 ◦ Local Electricians #408/Various Locations ◦ Chico, CA
Provide the employer with relevant information about the knowledge you acquired during on-the-job training (this will likely differ from actual duties performed). Items listed here should supplement the Work Experience section, not repeat it.

Electronic Engineering, Associate of Arts Degree
	June 1994 ◦ Butte College ◦ Oroville, CA
List courses completed that illustrate the knowledge obtained from your education. May also list G.P.A., Extra Curricular Activities that are related to this job, awards and/or honors received.

General Education, High School Diploma
	June 1991 ◦ Oroville High ◦ Oroville, CA
List courses completed that illustrate the knowledge obtained from your education. May also list G.P.A., Extra Curricular Activities that are related to this job, awards and/or honors received.
Reverse Chronological
